So let's write function single number which takes the
integer array arr and its size size as input and returns the
odd occurring number of the array which will also be an
integer.
So first declare the iterating variable i. Now we need
to XOR all the elements in a common variable.
So write int xorResult equal to zero. Here the
reason why we initialise the variable to 0 is if we
XOR in number with zero it will give the
same number so it won't affect the overall result.
If we initialise it to a non zero number or leave
it uninitialised we will get the unexpected result in the end.
So write int xorResult equal to zero
After that we need to XOR all the elements
of the array with the common variable xorResult
So write for i equal to zero, i less than size, i++
xorResult XOR equal to array[i]
After the execution of the loop all same numbers will
be eliminated and the single odd occurring number will be
present in the variable XOR assault and we need to return it. So write return xorResult.